so fabiano after taking a one rest day
you decided to play again and you just
continued winning um yeah I mean I
wanted to take a break because traveled
in between two animals but I didn't have
so much time to rest and okay today I
don't think I play very well but anyway
I mean it maybe I miss play doping and
it was about equal at some point but he
misplays it after that and I got an
advantage and after that I think was
pretty smooth so you there are actually
some chances that you would use quite a
few of those rating points you want in
sync you feel that way at any point
worried that you're not gonna win this
one no I didn't have any big worries i
mean it's just that position i think at
some point was equal but i was never
worse and the night case it was very
complicated so I felt like that I should
out claim at some point and here you are
representing a italian team and he say
something about this this team maybe
about a sponsor because i think this
team hasn't been so strong ever um well
okay it was already last year pretty
decent hey Cara was on first board but I
was playing for another team than and I
decided that well in general it's nice
to play for a team from your country
especially such a strong one and well
Titanic morante is the main guy in
charge of the team he's a captain and
mainly taking care of things and he's
recruited a lot of strong players
besides he Cara was or who was already
playing for a few years now there's a
maxima Sheila Rob and Kristen a and a
Tampa Pro so the entire French national
team in fact um but yeah I think okay
it's a tough Hornet where we have
chances to to fight for the top places
and what is it like to have two of your
opponents from last week sitting next to
you and being on the same team yeah it's
unusual actually I think pretty much
everyone except for Magnus except for
Magnus's came from from st. Louis
directly here although love decided to
play another tournament but yeah in any
okay it's a bit unusual but you know you
get a bit bored playing all the same
guys after a while so it's nice to to
play some fresh face some fresh faces